well I want it down here immediately and
if you can't I'll find somebody here who
kick you're supposed to be resting where
my test results I put a rush on them and
I've reached everyone in your family
except for Ned's so they should be here
any minute
you know you've you've been a tremendous
help not that you care
yeah I put a rush on his second set of
cardiac enzymes so what happened
you tell her Alan you were there I
nearly collapse right in front of him
and AJ what you didn't do anything
I thought he was faking the pain was
almost bearable well how did you get
here
an angel found nice work grandfather
either your grandfather had an angina
attack in the park you were in the park
I just happened to be there then Roy
called 911 now he's here under
observation father I'm so sorry I have
an announcement to make
it's a matter of life or death care to
enlighten us I would like you old oh no
no no no we have to we have to wait on
Ned gets here because I may only have
the strength to say this once
stop staring at me what's this blood
pressure as if you cared grandfather
what took you so long
what happened he had chest pains well
the tests aren't in yet he's faking
again sit down I had nothing to do with
this please everyone he needs quiet
thank you I'm so grateful that you could
all find time to be here
grandfather has an announcement to make
this ought to be good
I'm changing my will you're cutting me
out right you're all out and nurse
Bedford is in
you can't do this I'm calling an
attorney you're not thinking clearly
Edward is he on drugs
you planned this from the start didn't
you okay please everyone what let's not
upset the patient did you do then
nothing I I didn't even know about the
site please mr. Quartermaine I don't
want anything to do with this that's
very noble of you I just want you to get
better that's all that's more than I can
say for them that isn't true Oh Alan
when the when the pain hit did you do
anything to help were you were you
concerned in the least hell no you
wanted me to drop dead Oh for pete's
sake Monica Monica you could have kept
ilq out of the hands of the of the
raiders and the thieves but no no no you
voted against me and you allowed your
husband's worst mistake to win ouch
what a terrible thing that is to say
okay what about Emily
I don't see that she's taken care of
nevermind that I've made you all richer
than ever since I took Aoki public how
long do you think that money will last
with Jess projects in control huh he's
probably selling off shares as we speak
and you people you're gonna be left with
nothing no money and no family business
and no family for that matter except for
Lila she'll have half my estate when I
die and miss Bedford will have the rest
hmm okay grandfather tell us what you
want can you give me back ELQ you can
you keep my heart from breaking can you
get little Michael home you people voted
me out of my company and you cast me
aside and you took all my money
don't expect me to reward you for it I
think he means it
my lawyer is on his way here with my new
will I sign it you're all on your own
I need some time alone Melissa this must
be breaking hospital policy let's go
Oh what let them dream up another plan
go you're all vultures we'll be in the
Hall Edward if you meet ups and I'll be
here with my only friend mr. coin I mean
hmm if you want to shut your family out
why don't you just donate the money to
the hospital you can have a wing named
after yourself you can pick a charity
you could save the whales please I'm
giving the money to you but you don't
understand this could ruin my whole be
so rich it won't even matter
witnesses coming through witnesses are
here we've arrived it took you long
enough was fairly short notice sir and I
had to round up the witnesses um and
exactly what are we witnessing I'm
leaving half my estate to nurse Bedford
whoa way to go girl I don't want the
money there has got to be some way that
you can stop him from signing it where
do I sign don't sign it he isn't going
to
it's the pen it doesn't work the lawyer
gave him a new one I hate lawyers
he's signing he did it don't worry he'll
write us back in I wouldn't be too sure
you can leave now it's all over he's not
gonna get away with this no way